README.md, before:

This React Native package allows you to prevent the screen from going to sleep while your app is active. It's useful for things like navigation or video playback, where the user expects the app to remain visible over long periods without touch interaction.

## Installation

As the first step, install this module:

#### React Native 0.60+

`yarn add @sayem314/react-native-keep-awake`

## Usage

#### example: hooks

```js
import { useKeepAwake } from '@sayem314/react-native-keep-awake';
import React from 'react';
import { Text, View } from 'react-native';

export default function KeepAwakeExample {
  useKeepAwake();

  return (
    <View style={{ flex: 1, alignItems: 'center', justifyContent: 'center' }}>
      <Text>This screen will never sleep!</Text>
    </View>
  );
}
```

#### example: components

```js
import KeepAwake from '@sayem314/react-native-keep-awake';
import React from 'react';
import { Text, View } from 'react-native';

export default function KeepAwakeExample {
  return (
    <View style={{ flex: 1, alignItems: 'center', justifyContent: 'center' }}>
      <KeepAwake />
      <Text>This screen will never sleep!</Text>
    </View>
  );
}
```

#### example: functions

```js
import { activateKeepAwake, deactivateKeepAwake} from "@sayem314/react-native-keep-awake";
import React from "react";
import { Button, View } from "react-native";

export default class KeepAwakeExample extends React.Component {
  render() {
    return (
      <View style={{ flex: 1, alignItems: "center", justifyContent: "center" }}>
        <Button onPress={this._activate}>Activate</Button>
        <Button onPress={this._deactivate}>Deactivate</Button>
      </View>
    );
  }

  _activate = () => {
    activateKeepAwake();
  };

  _deactivate = () => {
    deactivateKeepAwake();
  };
}
```

Commit message:

Add a note for new architecture support

README.md, after:

This React Native package allows you to prevent the screen from going to sleep while your app is active. It's useful for things like navigation or video playback, where the user expects the app to remain visible over long periods without touch interaction.

## Installation

As the first step, install this module:

#### React Native 0.60+

`yarn add @sayem314/react-native-keep-awake`

#### React Native new architecture

You must use `react-native-keep-awake@1.2.0` or newer if you want to use the [RN new architecture](https://reactnative.dev/docs/the-new-architecture/landing-page).

## Usage

#### example: hooks

```js
import { useKeepAwake } from '@sayem314/react-native-keep-awake';
import React from 'react';
import { Text, View } from 'react-native';

export default function KeepAwakeExample {
  useKeepAwake();

  return (
    <View style={{ flex: 1, alignItems: 'center', justifyContent: 'center' }}>
      <Text>This screen will never sleep!</Text>
    </View>
  );
}
```

#### example: components

```js
import KeepAwake from '@sayem314/react-native-keep-awake';
import React from 'react';
import { Text, View } from 'react-native';

export default function KeepAwakeExample {
  return (
    <View style={{ flex: 1, alignItems: 'center', justifyContent: 'center' }}>
      <KeepAwake />
      <Text>This screen will never sleep!</Text>
    </View>
  );
}
```

#### example: functions

```js
import { activateKeepAwake, deactivateKeepAwake} from "@sayem314/react-native-keep-awake";
import React from "react";
import { Button, View } from "react-native";

export default class KeepAwakeExample extends React.Component {
  render() {
    return (
      <View style={{ flex: 1, alignItems: "center", justifyContent: "center" }}>
        <Button onPress={this._activate}>Activate</Button>
        <Button onPress={this._deactivate}>Deactivate</Button>
      </View>
    );
  }

  _activate = () => {
    activateKeepAwake();
  };

  _deactivate = () => {
    deactivateKeepAwake();
  };
}
```
